Docs/service descriptions (#479)
neicnordic/sda-pipeline: cmd/backup/backup.md

# sda-pipeline: backup

Merges data with the encryption header and moves it to backup storage.

> 

Reviewer: Only if `copyHeader` is enabled

## Service Description

> The backup service copies files from the archive storage, reattaches the encryption header, and writes the complete file to backup storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backup service copies files from the archive storage to backup storage. If a public key is supplied the header will be re-encrypted and attached to the file before writing it to backup storage.
```
